d:\Users\Szymon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Builder\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\UnitTestProject.dll
d:\Users\Szymon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Builder\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\UnitTestProject.pdb
d:\Users\Szymon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Builder\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\Builder.exe
d:\Users\Szymon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Builder\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\Decorator.exe
d:\Users\Szymon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Builder\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\FactoryMethod.exe
d:\Users\Szymon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Builder\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\Lazy.exe
d:\Users\Szymon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Builder\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\Strategy.exe
d:\Users\Szymon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Builder\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\Builder.pdb
d:\Users\Szymon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Builder\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\Decorator.pdb
d:\Users\Szymon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Builder\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\FactoryMethod.pdb
d:\Users\Szymon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Builder\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\Lazy.pdb
d:\Users\Szymon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Builder\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\Strategy.pdb
d:\Users\Szymon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Builder\UnitTestProject\obj\Debug\UnitTestProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\Szymon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Builder\UnitTestProject\obj\Debug\UnitTestProject.dll
d:\Users\Szymon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Builder\UnitTestProject\obj\Debug\UnitTestProject.pdb
d:\Users\Szymon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Builder\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\UnitTestProject.XML
d:\Users\Szymon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Builder\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\Builder.xml
d:\Users\Szymon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Builder\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\Decorator.xml
d:\Users\Szymon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Builder\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\FactoryMethod.xml
d:\Users\Szymon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Builder\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\Lazy.xml
d:\Users\Szymon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Builder\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\Strategy.xml
D:\Users\Szymon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Wzorce projektowe\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\UnitTestProject.XML
D:\Users\Szymon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Wzorce projektowe\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\UnitTestProject.dll
D:\Users\Szymon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Wzorce projektowe\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\UnitTestProject.pdb
D:\Users\Szymon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Wzorce projektowe\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\Builder.exe
D:\Users\Szymon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Wzorce projektowe\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\Decorator.exe
D:\Users\Szymon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Wzorce projektowe\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\FactoryMethod.exe
D:\Users\Szymon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Wzorce projektowe\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\Lazy.exe
D:\Users\Szymon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Wzorce projektowe\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\Strategy.exe
D:\Users\Szymon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Wzorce projektowe\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\Builder.pdb
D:\Users\Szymon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Wzorce projektowe\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\Builder.xml
D:\Users\Szymon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Wzorce projektowe\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\Decorator.pdb
D:\Users\Szymon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Wzorce projektowe\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\Decorator.xml
D:\Users\Szymon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Wzorce projektowe\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\FactoryMethod.pdb
D:\Users\Szymon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Wzorce projektowe\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\FactoryMethod.xml
D:\Users\Szymon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Wzorce projektowe\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\Lazy.pdb
D:\Users\Szymon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Wzorce projektowe\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\Lazy.xml
D:\Users\Szymon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Wzorce projektowe\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\Strategy.pdb
D:\Users\Szymon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Wzorce projektowe\UnitTestProject\bin\Debug\Strategy.xml
D:\Users\Szymon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Wzorce projektowe\UnitTestProject\obj\Debug\UnitTestProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Users\Szymon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Wzorce projektowe\UnitTestProject\obj\Debug\UnitTestProject.dll
D:\Users\Szymon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Wzorce projektowe\UnitTestProject\obj\Debug\UnitTestProject.pdb
